And our next topic is going to be what kind of units we can use words here says Green.
Now please keep in mind when we talk about units we are talking about the pros as well.
Now I know we haven't covered drones yet essentially how to set up the rules but just please keep in
mind whatever units we are going to cover with a columns the same ones we can use in fact as well with
the ropes.
Now first and foremost we obviously can use pixels.
We can already clear we see that where let's say we have three column layout and all of them have been
set up using pixels.
Now we also have an optional ram an E M.
So if I'm going to change this to let's say seven RAM and 10 even you're going to notice that I'm still
going to have my grid.
Now my columns are obviously smaller because these values are smaller but nothing broke and everything
works still correctly.
Now we also have an option of percentages and since we have the implicit grid can just keep on creating
columns as would like.
So let's add a 5 percent.
And sure enough that is going to be my fourth column.
Now since I only have seven items now of course I have this space blank.
And then we have auto and fraction.
Now these ones are very important because they are responsive.
Now I'm going to leave off the fraction for a simple reason that most likely this is going to be your
most used unit.
And I would like to cover it in a bigger detail as well as that is something probably that you see for
the first time so I would like to spend the whole video on that.
All right.
But let's look at the auto and how the fact that auto is responsive really helps us.
So let's imagine this case where again you can just leave these seven ram or something like that but
I'm going to go back to a three column layout.
So if I'm going to add let's say auto right here.
Notice how my third column is in fact responsive.
So the moment the screen size gets smaller while this particular column gets smaller the moment the
actual screen size is bigger.
Well our column also gets bigger so you get an idea if you'd like to have some kind of column let's
say one of them or maybe all of them and we would want them to be responsive where their width is in
fact changing together with the screen size.
We can definitely use the auto when we're setting up whether that is the role or in fact a column.